How many animals would you like to create?
50                               
Animals unsorted:
[
name:Lola Age:18 Species:Frog,
name:Sadie Age:15 Species:Lizard,
name:Daisy Age:11 Species:Hamster,
name:joe Age:9 Species:Dog,
name:joe Age:180 Species:Tortoise,
name:Buddy Age:11 Species:Hamster,
name:Charlie Age:17 Species:Cat,
name:Bella Age:18 Species:Dog,
name:Maggie Age:2 Species:Cat,
name:Lucy Age:44 Species:Tortoise,
name:jim Age:189 Species:Tortoise,
name:Bella Age:5 Species:Cat,
name:Daisy Age:29 Species:Fish,
name:joe Age:45 Species:Fish,
name:Sadie Age:12 Species:Cat,
name:tim  Age:1 Species:Hamster,
name:jim Age:19 Species:Snake,
name:joe Age:97 Species:Tortoise,
name:Maggie Age:2 Species:Fish,
name:Daisy Age:137 Species:Tortoise,
name:Daisy Age:45 Species:Fish,
name:Sadie Age:17 Species:Guinea Pig,
name:joe Age:75 Species:Tortoise,
name:Maggie Age:13 Species:Dog,
name:Maggie Age:13 Species:Lizard,
name:Max Age:82 Species:Bird,
name:Daisy Age:16 Species:Frog,
name:jim Age:13 Species:Bird,
name:jim Age:16 Species:Fish,
name:joe Age:6 Species:Guinea Pig,
name:Molly Age:20 Species:Hamster,
name:Charlie Age:13 Species:Cat,
name:Max Age:18 Species:Hamster,
name:Lola Age:49 Species:Fish,
name:Daisy Age:17 Species:Hamster,
name:Bella Age:20 Species:Snake,
name:Molly Age:51 Species:Tortoise,
name:Sadie Age:75 Species:Bird,
name:joe Age:4 Species:Dog,
name:Charlie Age:19 Species:Frog,
name:Lola Age:18 Species:Guinea Pig,
name:joe Age:7 Species:Guinea Pig,
name:Maggie Age:4 Species:Bird,
name:joe Age:25 Species:Fish,
name:Sadie Age:4 Species:Fish,
name:jim Age:9 Species:Cat,
name:Lucy Age:7 Species:Snake,
name:bob Age:13 Species:Lizard,
name:Max Age:15 Species:Cat,
name:Lola Age:193 Species:Tortoise]

Sorted animals (by age):     using 
[
name:tim  Age:1 Species:Hamster,
name:Maggie Age:2 Species:Cat,
name:Maggie Age:2 Species:Fish,
name:joe Age:4 Species:Dog,
name:Maggie Age:4 Species:Bird,
name:Sadie Age:4 Species:Fish,
name:Bella Age:5 Species:Cat,
name:joe Age:6 Species:Guinea Pig,
name:joe Age:7 Species:Guinea Pig,
name:Lucy Age:7 Species:Snake,
name:joe Age:9 Species:Dog,
name:jim Age:9 Species:Cat,
name:Daisy Age:11 Species:Hamster,
name:Buddy Age:11 Species:Hamster,
name:Sadie Age:12 Species:Cat,
name:Maggie Age:13 Species:Dog,
name:Maggie Age:13 Species:Lizard,
name:jim Age:13 Species:Bird,
name:Charlie Age:13 Species:Cat,
name:bob Age:13 Species:Lizard,
name:Sadie Age:15 Species:Lizard,
name:Max Age:15 Species:Cat,
name:Daisy Age:16 Species:Frog,
name:jim Age:16 Species:Fish,
name:Charlie Age:17 Species:Cat,
name:Sadie Age:17 Species:Guinea Pig,
name:Daisy Age:17 Species:Hamster,
name:Lola Age:18 Species:Frog,
name:Bella Age:18 Species:Dog,
name:Max Age:18 Species:Hamster,
name:Lola Age:18 Species:Guinea Pig,
name:jim Age:19 Species:Snake,
name:Charlie Age:19 Species:Frog,
name:Molly Age:20 Species:Hamster,
name:Bella Age:20 Species:Snake,
name:joe Age:25 Species:Fish,
name:Daisy Age:29 Species:Fish,
name:Lucy Age:44 Species:Tortoise,
name:joe Age:45 Species:Fish,
name:Daisy Age:45 Species:Fish,
name:Lola Age:49 Species:Fish,
name:Molly Age:51 Species:Tortoise,
name:joe Age:75 Species:Tortoise,
name:Sadie Age:75 Species:Bird,
name:Max Age:82 Species:Bird,
name:joe Age:97 Species:Tortoise,
name:Daisy Age:137 Species:Tortoise,
name:joe Age:180 Species:Tortoise,
name:jim Age:189 Species:Tortoise,
name:Lola Age:193 Species:Tortoise]
Insertion sort time: 0.0943 milliseconds

Sorted animals (by name):
[
name:Bella Age:5 Species:Cat,
name:Bella Age:18 Species:Dog,
name:Bella Age:20 Species:Snake,
name:Buddy Age:11 Species:Hamster,
name:Charlie Age:13 Species:Cat,
name:Charlie Age:17 Species:Cat,
name:Charlie Age:19 Species:Frog,
name:Daisy Age:11 Species:Hamster,
name:Daisy Age:16 Species:Frog,
name:Daisy Age:17 Species:Hamster,
name:Daisy Age:29 Species:Fish,
name:Daisy Age:45 Species:Fish,
name:Daisy Age:137 Species:Tortoise,
name:Lola Age:18 Species:Frog,
name:Lola Age:18 Species:Guinea Pig,
name:Lola Age:49 Species:Fish,
name:Lola Age:193 Species:Tortoise,
name:Lucy Age:7 Species:Snake,
name:Lucy Age:44 Species:Tortoise,
name:Maggie Age:2 Species:Cat,
name:Maggie Age:2 Species:Fish,
name:Maggie Age:4 Species:Bird,
name:Maggie Age:13 Species:Dog,
name:Maggie Age:13 Species:Lizard,
name:Max Age:18 Species:Hamster,
name:Max Age:15 Species:Cat,
name:Max Age:82 Species:Bird,
name:Molly Age:20 Species:Hamster,
name:Molly Age:51 Species:Tortoise,
name:Sadie Age:4 Species:Fish,
name:Sadie Age:12 Species:Cat,
name:Sadie Age:15 Species:Lizard,
name:Sadie Age:17 Species:Guinea Pig,
name:Sadie Age:75 Species:Bird,
name:bob Age:13 Species:Lizard,
name:jim Age:9 Species:Cat,
name:jim Age:19 Species:Snake,
name:jim Age:13 Species:Bird,
name:jim Age:189 Species:Tortoise,
name:jim Age:16 Species:Fish,
name:joe Age:7 Species:Guinea Pig,
name:joe Age:9 Species:Dog,
name:joe Age:75 Species:Tortoise,
name:joe Age:4 Species:Dog,
name:joe Age:97 Species:Tortoise,
name:joe Age:6 Species:Guinea Pig,
name:joe Age:180 Species:Tortoise,
name:joe Age:45 Species:Fish,
name:joe Age:25 Species:Fish,
name:tim  Age:1 Species:Hamster]
Insertion time: 0.5929 milliseconds
Enter an age to search for:
1
Animal not found
PS C:\Users\rogel\OneDrive\Documents\project4>  c:; cd 'c:\Users\rogel\OneDrive\Documents\project4'; & 'C:\Program Files\Java\jdk-19\bin\java.exe' '-XX:+ShowCodeDetailsInExceptionMessages' '-cp' 'C:\Users\rogel\OneDrive\Documents\project4\target\classes' 'edu.guilford.AnimalDrive'
How many animals would you like to create?
60
Animals unsorted:
[
name:Lucy Age:8 Species:Dog,
name:Lola Age:8 Species:Frog,
name:jim Age:1 Species:Frog,
name:joe Age:5 Species:Dog,
name:joe Age:65 Species:Bird,
name:jim Age:20 Species:Dog,
name:jim Age:11 Species:Frog,
name:Molly Age:78 Species:Bird,
name:joe Age:108 Species:Tortoise,
name:Lucy Age:96 Species:Tortoise,
name:Lola Age:4 Species:Lizard,
name:Lola Age:39 Species:Bird,
name:jim Age:18 Species:Frog,
name:joe Age:7 Species:Snake,
name:Buddy Age:89 Species:Bird,
name:joe Age:157 Species:Tortoise,
name:Sadie Age:45 Species:Fish,
name:joe Age:12 Species:Cat,
name:jim Age:13 Species:Hamster,
name:joe Age:18 Species:Snake,
name:jim Age:7 Species:Hamster,
name:joe Age:44 Species:Bird,
name:Buddy Age:10 Species:Hamster,
name:Buddy Age:94 Species:Bird,
name:joe Age:11 Species:Frog,
name:Buddy Age:95 Species:Tortoise,
name:bob Age:17 Species:Snake,
name:Sadie Age:16 Species:Snake,
name:Molly Age:18 Species:Dog,
name:Daisy Age:3 Species:Hamster,
name:Sadie Age:3 Species:Frog,
name:joe Age:8 Species:Frog,
name:joe Age:8 Species:Lizard,
name:Lucy Age:19 Species:Dog,
name:Lola Age:35 Species:Tortoise,
name:Daisy Age:11 Species:Dog,
name:Molly Age:10 Species:Guinea Pig,
name:joe Age:8 Species:Frog,
name:joe Age:8 Species:Lizard,
name:Charlie Age:20 Species:Fish,
name:joe Age:16 Species:Guinea Pig,
name:joe Age:14 Species:Lizard,
name:Lola Age:12 Species:Frog,
name:joe Age:16 Species:Snake,
name:tim  Age:19 Species:Dog,
name:Charlie Age:15 Species:Hamster,
name:Lola Age:8 Species:Snake,
name:Molly Age:6 Species:Dog,
name:bob Age:16 Species:Lizard,
name:Maggie Age:49 Species:Fish,
name:Bella Age:12 Species:Fish,
name:Buddy Age:21 Species:Bird,
name:Daisy Age:40 Species:Tortoise,
name:Sadie Age:108 Species:Tortoise,
name:jim Age:30 Species:Fish,
name:Buddy Age:2 Species:Snake,
name:joe Age:20 Species:Hamster,
name:Charlie Age:9 Species:Guinea Pig,
name:jim Age:45 Species:Bird,
name:Max Age:17 Species:Dog]

Sorted animals (by age):
[
name:jim Age:1 Species:Frog,
name:Buddy Age:2 Species:Snake,
name:Daisy Age:3 Species:Hamster,
name:Sadie Age:3 Species:Frog,
name:Lola Age:4 Species:Lizard,
name:joe Age:5 Species:Dog,
name:Molly Age:6 Species:Dog,
name:joe Age:7 Species:Snake,
name:jim Age:7 Species:Hamster,
name:Lucy Age:8 Species:Dog,
name:Lola Age:8 Species:Frog,
name:joe Age:8 Species:Frog,
name:joe Age:8 Species:Lizard,
name:joe Age:8 Species:Frog,
name:joe Age:8 Species:Lizard,
name:Lola Age:8 Species:Snake,
name:Charlie Age:9 Species:Guinea Pig,
name:Buddy Age:10 Species:Hamster,
name:Molly Age:10 Species:Guinea Pig,
name:jim Age:11 Species:Frog,
name:joe Age:11 Species:Frog,
name:Daisy Age:11 Species:Dog,
name:joe Age:12 Species:Cat,
name:Lola Age:12 Species:Frog,
name:Bella Age:12 Species:Fish,
name:jim Age:13 Species:Hamster,
name:joe Age:14 Species:Lizard,
name:Charlie Age:15 Species:Hamster,
name:Sadie Age:16 Species:Snake,
name:joe Age:16 Species:Guinea Pig,
name:joe Age:16 Species:Snake,
name:bob Age:16 Species:Lizard,
name:bob Age:17 Species:Snake,
name:Max Age:17 Species:Dog,
name:jim Age:18 Species:Frog,
name:joe Age:18 Species:Snake,
name:Molly Age:18 Species:Dog,
name:Lucy Age:19 Species:Dog,
name:tim  Age:19 Species:Dog,
name:jim Age:20 Species:Dog,
name:Charlie Age:20 Species:Fish,
name:joe Age:20 Species:Hamster,
name:Buddy Age:21 Species:Bird,
name:jim Age:30 Species:Fish,
name:Lola Age:35 Species:Tortoise,
name:Lola Age:39 Species:Bird,
name:Daisy Age:40 Species:Tortoise,
name:joe Age:44 Species:Bird,
name:Sadie Age:45 Species:Fish,
name:jim Age:45 Species:Bird,
name:Maggie Age:49 Species:Fish,
name:joe Age:65 Species:Bird,
name:Molly Age:78 Species:Bird,
name:Buddy Age:89 Species:Bird,
name:Buddy Age:94 Species:Bird,
name:Buddy Age:95 Species:Tortoise,
name:Lucy Age:96 Species:Tortoise,
name:joe Age:108 Species:Tortoise,
name:Sadie Age:108 Species:Tortoise,
name:joe Age:157 Species:Tortoise]
Insertion sort time: 0.2159 milliseconds

Sorted animals (by name):
[
name:Bella Age:12 Species:Fish,
name:Buddy Age:2 Species:Snake,
name:Buddy Age:10 Species:Hamster,
name:Buddy Age:21 Species:Bird,
name:Buddy Age:89 Species:Bird,
name:Buddy Age:94 Species:Bird,
name:Buddy Age:95 Species:Tortoise,
name:Charlie Age:9 Species:Guinea Pig,
name:Charlie Age:15 Species:Hamster,
name:Charlie Age:20 Species:Fish,
name:Daisy Age:3 Species:Hamster,
name:Daisy Age:11 Species:Dog,
name:Daisy Age:40 Species:Tortoise,
name:Lola Age:8 Species:Snake,
name:Lola Age:8 Species:Frog,
name:Lola Age:12 Species:Frog,
name:Lola Age:35 Species:Tortoise,
name:Lola Age:39 Species:Bird,
name:Lola Age:4 Species:Lizard,
name:Lucy Age:19 Species:Dog,
name:Lucy Age:8 Species:Dog,
name:Lucy Age:96 Species:Tortoise,
name:Maggie Age:49 Species:Fish,
name:Max Age:17 Species:Dog,
name:Molly Age:18 Species:Dog,
name:Molly Age:78 Species:Bird,
name:Molly Age:10 Species:Guinea Pig,
name:Molly Age:6 Species:Dog,
name:Sadie Age:16 Species:Snake,
name:Sadie Age:3 Species:Frog,
name:Sadie Age:45 Species:Fish,
name:Sadie Age:108 Species:Tortoise,
name:bob Age:17 Species:Snake,
name:bob Age:16 Species:Lizard,
name:jim Age:18 Species:Frog,
name:jim Age:1 Species:Frog,
name:jim Age:11 Species:Frog,
name:jim Age:20 Species:Dog,
name:jim Age:30 Species:Fish,
name:jim Age:45 Species:Bird,
name:jim Age:13 Species:Hamster,
name:jim Age:7 Species:Hamster,
name:joe Age:16 Species:Guinea Pig,
name:joe Age:7 Species:Snake,
name:joe Age:8 Species:Lizard,
name:joe Age:8 Species:Lizard,
name:joe Age:44 Species:Bird,
name:joe Age:16 Species:Snake,
name:joe Age:18 Species:Snake,
name:joe Age:12 Species:Cat,
name:joe Age:65 Species:Bird,
name:joe Age:11 Species:Frog,
name:joe Age:14 Species:Lizard,
name:joe Age:5 Species:Dog,
name:joe Age:20 Species:Hamster,
name:joe Age:8 Species:Frog,
name:joe Age:108 Species:Tortoise,
name:joe Age:8 Species:Frog,
name:joe Age:157 Species:Tortoise,
name:tim  Age:19 Species:Dog]
Insertion time: 0.7111 milliseconds
Enter an age to search for:
8
Found animal at index 44:
name:joe Age:8 Species:Lizard